# Machine Learning 4 Virginia Project
With SARS-COVID-19 impacting the lives of countless Virginians over the past three years, we wanted to use previous data surrounding Virginia's housing and economic data during the COVID-19 pandemic to analyze resulting socioeconomic patterns in the Virginia healthcare system. Due to other studies done on a global and national scale, COVID-19 cases can be significantly reduced with proper health management and equipment, but both require proper funding to provide for the community. Because patterns can change by scaling, we wanted to socioeconomically examine Virginia's handling of COVID-19 healthcare provisioning. We gathered data from two main sources surrounding Virginia's COVID-19 cases by locality and another surrounding Virginia's socioeconomic statistics, also by locality. After combining these two data sets, we proceeded with a K-Means Clustering analysis to see how Virginia would be clustered given the various locality-based feature data. We then performed a Time Series Analysis and a Linear Regression Analysis to further investigate any possible correlations within the data as well as make potential predictions in the future. Because events like these have lasting impacts, the predictions can be checked against actual data surrounding the most recent two years. We used this supplied data and then predicted data to explore the socioeconomic dynamics surrounding Virginia and start a discussion about Virginia's handling of demographic impact on the healthcare system. 
